who I am
good guys welcome to a new
review more than one character this time
from shinji kagawa little by little we go
finishing this equipment that I used to
these two characters and like baseball the
Japanese that arrived at Manchester United
coming from borussia dormund was from
the first pearls that came out of
dortmund that when I do not believe or believe
that I was not even reus for
things is an idea and well there you go the
physical attributes is very good in the
numbers but I really did not like
in the field has very little force like
you know there are things that have very
low and good this is the example
perfect how not to use a player
bright ahead of one not
bright for the explains massa and as
You see merge our page of coins
as always the most reliable the cheapest
I leave a link in the description to the
page with a discount code and how
he said is the perfect example for not
use a mc or a bright player for
in front of a non-bright one will use the syndic
water ahead of bruijn is a crime
totally and good then in the game
you see it and it seems fast, even though it marks
good goals with him as you are seeing
It seems fast and so on but it's that I do not
the truth appeared so quickly that 29 of
force or 20 or 30 something whatever is
note very much and good still seems to me
a good game creator I think that
distributes the ball very well but for
nothing is the player who shined in the
borussia dortmund and I do not think it deserves
it's worth having it on the computer unless it's
that you like this player very much to me
I really like the truth is still like that
good is a good player is a player
Skillful has good shot has such but
there are much better players in their
position and I think that he is not a player
first level right now at least
in this ultimate team and it looks like
than in the next one, not since
is shining a lot in the manchester
united is actually spent on money that
they would not have to spend on people like
kill and well then it does not have no
good looks the future of kagawa in the
Manchester United and see what I like
I love both united and kagawa
but freezing and as they said in a
hashtag on twitter because for
I see it shining though you never know
you never know but the truth is that
I see and in the game, well, that's a
good player but nothing else is not the
better of that character will it happen to me
history of this series there you have it
chemistry a tad low by the
nationality and the rest so good but
It is not the best you are going to find
I said it, I hope you liked it
see you in the next video other of
it's crack we follow you with the series we're going
Let's see how it goes bye bye
if not carried bad